he goes in
midnight Chico about to walk into the
line they don't like it we'll beat her
in midnight chica goes in now and that's
it they're ready
Racing's magical forest came out a
little awkwardly Rajani the inside one
the start then we'll rich blondes is
going forward Cal are is third
complimenti is fourth the judge the
first time and then came midnight chicka
who's wide on the outside of don't like
hidden magical forest pokes up on the
rail and malice ena is a length the way
is the stable companion Rajah leads them
to the back of the track going past the
1500 meters mark and Raj are 3/4 of the
length in front no more rich blondes is
second complement he's a half-length the
way third and three quarters of a link
to Keller followed by magical forest on
the inside of midnight chicken three
wide down the back of the track as don't
fly kitten pokes up in the middle and
Mela Cena is a length away leaving a
quarter behind in 26.5 down the back and
Rajah in front hit Leo's leading by a
half-length on no more rich blondes with
midnight chicken now allowed to stride
up 3d complement he's a length and a
half
up the place on the inside of Keller two
and a half lengths away don't like it
and magical forest on the rail and the
length and a half
to Melusina Rajah takes them out of the
back having run a half in 52.2 no more
rich blondes still in second place on
the outside Keller has gone up wide and
the midnight chick is out very deep now
complimenti is behind that quartets
wedding on a run as they're on the band
of five hundred meters out they get away
from Mela scene and no more rich blondes
went to the front but
complimenti immediately got through and
immediately went after the leader and
was short of 300 meters left a travel
complement ease alongside now more rich
blondes and the two local fillies will
fight it out
no more rich blondes is fighting back no
more rich blondes again more than the
length in front of complimenti midnight
chicken battling on at the end but no
more rich blondes wins the oaks no more
rich bronze bursts midnight chicas
second company third then mela Cena
Keller Raja followed by magical forest
and don't like it and came in last of
all in the Oaks of 2017 well the guineas
forms worked out the guineas winner was
a withdrawal begin his second has won
the Oaks complement he was sweating on
them got the rant moved up challenge but
no more rich blondes beat her up and in
the end is drawn away to school
handsomely with midnight kicker you had
a